By the way I've added a "point" struct the contains "short x,y".
I'd like to integrate this struct into both my and your pre-existing code
to make using our grid system easier to use. So far I've just been calling the
point variables 'p', 'r', or 'q'. I've been calling the horizontal x and the
vertical y. I'll call the function checkGrid(point p) and will integrate it
right away. In the last part, I assume you're refering to the phantom pants,
I'll look around at their code and see if I can incorporate the pants'
constructor into the place function. 

Sorry about being slow about looking back at changes -- just got done w/ calc2 test.
1. Little confused about the move vs. place function. It doesn't look like move clears the 
old location (but updates coord), but place wants a specific new point to move to.
2. How about we start implementing a change log? Instead of you incorporating everything, 
how about you take care of town and I'll take care of creatures. I can't ethically put my name
on something that I didn't contribute enough to. Also, there's a few things that didn't go so
well: function name didn't match in .h & .cpp, direction constants unneccesarily changed, etc.
some of my functions are just gone, and some are only defined in the header. So I tried to fix all
this. You've changed half the names, and only in half the places. Where are these  symbol = letter;
 name = word; specified and why would it change if player attributes are at the top of the file?
 So I changed them back. Anyways, I would just really appreciate to understand /that/ section so that
 I can continue adding relatively smoothly. If there's a changelog on your side, it'll be fine. I'll put
 one on mine.
 
CHANGELOG:
added a function for the tailor to look in a direction, made a turn function where he looks there and acts
on it. Added to jumpfence function. call it in the punch function and fixed logic: if theres something behind
the fence, and he can't jump it, the bully gets him. Will be working on the phantom class tomorrow and replacing the
place_whatever functions where I hear back about #1. 



Keep These Notes:
brpz98
4Starball
All of the stuff is in SDRIVE/cs1570/hw10 with my original code in the cs1570/hw10alt file.
Heading.h for globals and libs
Also don't forget to remove and *.h.gch files that pop up, they override the
.h files and prevent you from changing the code between compilation. 
